hey this is tommy again from Tom bull
racing i'm here today hey Jax cow-sucker
with a good friend of mine and all in
the president of Ajax kawasaki dinner
hello Tommy it's good to see you how you
doing today then I'm doing fine I'd like
to present you with this 2011 Vulcan
Vaquero 1700 CC motorcycle see what you
can do with you hey what do you think
about that out there & Tomberlin you
know Denny is up here at Ajax kawasaki
it's going to give us this new kawasaki
we're here to see what we can do it and
believe it's not all of this started
back in the summer time when Denny see
me right up here on one of my hearties
with a bunch of sounds and stuff on it
and he asked me then what could you do
in one of these kawasaki now we from the
sea and one of the first things that I'm
going to do to it is I'm going to take
it a put a new paint job on it call RC
components they go in supplies with some
wheels call some more people and call in
some favors to make this a real trick
bike for us that's one of the things
that we're going to do to a dinning
we're going to make you proud of you
know I just hope Brian's on sell it fast
once we get it done cause he'll and
dared to sell it because we're gonna put
that we're going to put the Gators seat
on here we're gonna put a sound system
gonna make it rock I'm going to the
paint job that's gonna going to be like
candy you hear that Brian and we're
going to put some some handlebars of
apes and stuff we're going to change
your style up a little bit Denny and
it's going to be a strong representation
for me and you Tom go racing ajax
kawasaki we show people this is what
they need this is going to be
the new bag of bike right here Tommy I
can't wait I've been really looking
forward to it anxious to see what you do
with it cool great
you